Add TEM callouts (#24308)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/getting_started/dashboards/_index.md

    text: "Join an interactive session on better visualizations with Dashboards"  
---

> {{< learning-center-callout header="Join an enablement webinar session" btn_title="Sign Up" btn_url="https://www.datadoghq.com/technical-enablement/session/datadog-overview/">}}

Author: ```suggestion
{{< learning-center-callout header="Join an enablement webinar session" btn_title="Sign Up" btn_url="https://www.datadoghq.com/technical-enablement/sessions/?tags.topics-0=Dashboarding">}}
```

>   Explore and register for Foundation Enablement sessions. Learn to customize your dashboards using our vast library of visualizations and easy-to-use drag-and-drop Dashboard builder. Enable your team's success by easily sharing data with stakeholders via reports, public URLs, and notebooks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Explore and register for Foundation Enablement sessions. Learn to customize your dashboards using our library of visualizations and the drag-and-drop Dashboard builder. Enable your team's success by sharing data with stakeholders via reports, public URLs, and notebooks.
```
